ACD-416 (#6)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: RetailSuiteAccounting/UserInterface/01_Book.md

> by default# Post

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Post
```

> by default# Post

Reviewer: vgl. mit Datei
eventuell Auslagern der Funktionen in separate Datei 

[01_Book_hg.md](https://github.com/Actindo-AG/Documentation/files/9596690/01_Book_hg.md)

*Accounting > Post*

  ![Post](../../Assets/Screenshots/RetailSuiteAccounting/Book/Bookings/Bookings.png "[Post]")

The Accounting *Post* menu entry is used to manage all existing postings and to create new ones.

The *Post* User Interface is composed of the following tabs:

  - [POSTINGS](./01a_Bookings.md)
  - [BALANCES](./01b_Balances.md)
  - [ACCOUNT SHEET](./01c_AccountSheet.md)
  - [OPEN ITEMS](./01d_OpenItems.md)
  - [SEARCH](./01e_Search.md)
  - [POST RECEIPTS](./01f_BookReceipts.md)

> Additionally, the following cross-tab functions are contained.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following functions are available in all tabs of the *Post* menu entry.
```
